That's me on the morning of the 11th January, two days later.
That's a telephone conversation took place on a Saturday afternoon, and he reported to
me on a Monday morning.
General, do you have any idea to the number of telephone calls made by the committee's
office?
Two, four-sixth in behalf of the pilot's time for a tattoo for a call.
There are an exceptionally large number of telephone calls.
Very, very large.
I don't know the exact number, but the company commander has indicated to me that it averaged
between one and two a day all the time.
Now, there was one point that I might make clear.
The telephone call coming to my headquarter, that were seized by neither me or my staff,
amounted to a total of 29.
It became the year I had three telephone calls.
My team of staff had one telephone call, and my aide had 25.
We have recorded.
Will these calls all received by you or your staff or during the day, or what?
20 am at night?
I don't recall any telephone calls coming to me.
The ones that I received were in my office in the daytime.
I think.
Now, on the calls that you received from the staff members, there were all flight calls.
I mean, there were many suggestions that you should do this or you shouldn't do this.
But they called the diabetes with Mr. Mavinia, who was very polite and friendly.
He was the one who was the only one who communicated with you.
He is the only one on the staff who might have had any telephone calls coming.
Now, after December 9th, I believe you have testified that the evening's matches were
stopped.
How many evening's matches did the father sign receive?
The father sign had four evening's matches to work on committee business.
First, the third, fourth, and the seventh.
They were telephone calls received in each instance that he was required to leave a goal
to strengthen on the yaw.
On the third and the third and the seventh, they were evening's matches.
Either to the pastor's midnight.
Or to the other evening's matches.
On the fourth, the request was for an all-night pass to remain out until regular.
That was on the Friday night and he was authorized to be absent until the following morning,
which is 5.50.
The other evening's pass that he received was on the 17th of November when Senator McCarthy came
to the wire-air force state in order to confer with the father sign.
And then, of course, the other pass that he granted was on Thanksgiving Day, which the
court was an evening pass, a night before Thanksgiving, which is a requested by the committee
for the express purpose of spending Thanksgiving Day working on committee business.
As I recall, you stated that prior to December 9th, we had passed the six-hour with father
night, yes, whom I'd included a weekend pass, which made six-hour to seven.
But when the pastors were given just for the evening, he did go off the post.
He didn't do any committee work on the post.
Yes, there were 11 visits by members of the staff.
At the time, I talked to five of Cheyenne on the eighth.
I explained to him that I wanted to cooperate in every way to help out.
And I asked him at that time whether his business was in Phoenix.
Then, about a month since I talked to Mr. Cole and I dealt the impression that this was a
limited proposal and this unfinished business was in Phoenix sometimes.
And he said, no, I have more to do now than I've ever had.
He said, this private charm, things are coming up all the time.
So I said that I would be very happy to provide facilities on the post.
If any members of the staff die at the comments and so are the committee business,
I'd make available a conference room and do anything we could to help.
So there were 11 visits by members of the staff to visit private Cheyenne for the purpose of conducting committee business.
I might differentiate that there was a federal and actual visit by members of the staff to perform committee business.
Mr. Cole came down on the afternoon of the 19th to pick him up when he got a pass.
He came down again the day before Thanksgiving to pick him up to take him on pass.
And Mr. Cole arrived twice, a member of the staff, once on November 11th.
And the other also on the 17th.
Now I presume that they conferred, but I wanted to differentiate between the specific visits for the purpose of conferring the evenings.
And these business partners to call on the six private Cheyenne up and the business partners to call on the 11th and 17th.
General, they make use of the conference room that you suggested.
They made use of the conference room one time.
One time, yes.
But other than that, no use was made of it.
Not that I know of.
That's all.
And the father, he left 10 minutes.
The 4th Senator Potter, as I was saying, we have this opportunity, but we're trying to ask the years of the vaccination to allow our station to identify them.
So this is ABT, television network.
But I have not, as yet, taken final action on the report.
What is the nature of what I do as well? Is that information you've evaluated?
The IG report is a report which is made for the commander.
In other words, there were certain allegations of irregularities on my post, which I called upon my IG, to find out about,
the report to me in order to let me decide what action needed to be taken, if any.
It's my private confidential investigator.
Could I ask this, General Ryan, because the report takes an issue of reporting results of an interview.
And then does the IG endeavor to evaluate the report, or is it much like a wall file from an FBI report, for example?
The expected general submit conclusions and recommendations.
Yes.
And I make my own decisions.
General, who was the expected general conducted the investigation?
Colonel Polgatins.
The day on your tab, he's on my tab. Yes, he's my expected general.
And you stated that the complete investigation has now been concluded.
No, sir.
All testimony is then and is in the hands of the committee.
Is that investigation going on, or is it the president's own?
No, sir. The investigation is far at the expected general has been able to proceed and then completed.
But I have not as yet taken final action.
General Ryan, from your testimony, you stated that the father's gurn did not receive the preferential treatment report.
Is that correct?
I think, Senator, that depends upon the definition of preferential treatment.
And my definition of preferential treatment is that a man has the red carpet rolled off on.
It's made easy for him.
He's cobbled. He's shown favor.
And in that respect, I should say no.
The planning private churn passes to work on a committee business with preferential treatment.
He certainly got preferential treatment.
And the, the only use of the number of passes that Robert Chyne received is far fewer concerns.
Did not have too much preferential treatment.
I did not look upon that as preference.
And if Robert Chyne, does Robert Chyne receive the entire training course that any other training would receive?
Yes sir. His passage did not interfere with his training.
He completed the prescribed course.
And as I said, he was rated superior by his company committee.
Well, Robert Chyne was assigned to your command.
As you would need words from the secretary or the secretary's office that Robert Chyne was soon be your job.
The first time that I heard about private chyne was on November 3rd when the secretary visited for six.
I don't remember ever having heard about private chyne before that.
And the secretary in presenting the problem to me was very objective.
He stated the fact that he wanted to cooperate with the committee.
And he instructed you that Robert Chyne had just non-finished business with the committee.
And it wouldn't have surfaced as taking time off and time to take care of that.
What, is that correct?
The indicators of the committee had requested that private chyne be made available during its off-suedish period,
at certain times, in order to complete certain committee work.
And that he wanted to cooperate with the committee and that he felt that the only time the private chyne could be made available to the committee,
would be on weekend.
But he indicated that that was up to me that provided a satisfactory to you.
You think responsibility for honoring the request of the members of the committee staff for the number of passes that the private chyne would be?
Yes sir.
I have no further questions.
Mr. Simonton.
General Lyon, when did you join the Army?
I joined the Army May 12, 1917.
May 12, 1917? Yes, how did you join it?
I entered the training camp at Spotsburg and I was commissioned to second the Second August 15, 1917.
What range of the service? Infantry.
What was your experience at World War I?
What was the enshrances of the two-liter of the 49th infantry?
What was your experience at World War II?
World War II? I was on General Bradley's path in 12th Army Group, Q5.
You've been in the Army a long time, haven't you? Yes sir.
What do you think of the United States Army?
The other thing we have the best to cook down in the world.
We have the best trained Army that this country has ever had.
And I think that this Army is well-led.
We have in the field, at the present time, two of the finest two armies.
This is never a representative United States.
The eight armies in Korea and the seven-domy in Europe.
This first class is the battalion.
And as far as the United States Army is concerned, we feel that we are ready for anything.
My colleagues have asked most of the questions that I want to ask.
But I just like to confirm, in my opinion, everything that you said about our Army.
About eight years ago, I heard Mr. Churchill say that the most amazing thing in World War II was the fact that within the short 30 years,
the hard call of the American regular army could develop into the greatest fighting force that the world has ever known.
You're a member of that hard call.
I think it's a great thing for the millions of people in this country to have watched that I have.
You are the meaner when you've been on this thing.
I believe there are millions of Americans, mothers and fathers who will be proud to have a man like you training their sons.
When you leave the Army, and I hope that's a long time from now, in my opinion, you will take the respect of the people of this country as the result of your testimony in the past two days.
Thank you, Senator.
And all of a sudden, is that a draw of Mr. Delight?
On the one hand, the training course, the training that this country, 15 weeks.
Father Tyron is going to be free.
They will be free.
Then, Father Tyron is brought up to camp Gordon Georgia to attend the full-of-machines school to take military elite for the winter of the two years,
and the other professionals in father Tyron.
Most of their watch, Father Tyron, was handled the same as any other trainee that we received.
Our classification assignment in the United States Army is the finest system that the human mind has been able to advise as far as the military mind is concerned.
I find out that the training ground is very good.
It was a non-unpreceived, or a part of this, to part of the training training.
It happened there for eight weeks there, and it takes you training, and one could be trained further for some specialized training and other information.
Yes, I'll be very glad to send you a lot of time with China and happen to get down to the camp Gordon, Senator.
Why wasn't particularly interrupted except I wanted to know what the normal procedure was, and I'm sorry, but the training usually spent eight weeks there, and it's very hard to do the qualifications for specialized service.
They were then trying to do it.
Yes, that was the normal procedure.
Private China had the special qualifications, and he was transferred to camp Gordon.
And he was reported to the Department of the Army, not by name. The Department of the Army didn't know who Private China was.
He was reported as an MOLF 1446. That's the military occupation, especially. They didn't know the Private China, the Private Brown, and who he was.
Private Chinese, do you work for the people? For six.
This is about 60, about 60 percent. Come back for advancements and for training, the other 40 goes to various specialist schools. That's all.
Mr. Welk, Mr. St. John's class. Go straight to Mr. Welk.
Mr. Demo-Ront.
That makes me feel too, because when I first came into the Army in 1917, they called Lieutenant Lipster.
He won the little thing back there again.
The third guy in the memorandum is the T.
That was the occasion you called Mr. Adam to a pass that was requested by Blue Mitchell-Libinia, is that correct?
Yes, sir. That pass was requested, was it not for committee business?
Yes, sir.
That was at a time when Private China was scheduled for a free cycle training.
And I believe you said to Private as you called Mr. Adam to about that, and that as a result of that call, you requested the grant plan.
Yes, sir.
Now on December 8th, you had Private China before you, with reference to these weeknight passes, is that right?
And on that occasion, I believe you testified that he informed you that he hadn't been off any of his work, there's new things were coming up all the time.
Yes, sir.
With reference to your action on that day, General, in canceling the weeknight passes, did you call Mr. Adam for a medication?
I called Mr. Adam and told him that I expected to cancel these weeknight passes.
And did you tell us, General, what Mr. Adam's reply was?
Mr. Adam replied that if I thought that was the proper thing to do, it was all right.
Did Mr. Adam even refer about to the secretary, or did he have to that right on the table?
Yes, sir.
Right over the phone.
And you've never seen any countermeasure in the battle.
No, sir.
Now, you know what General, right?
Well, I just told him to shut his eyes off, and he told Lieutenant Brown to announce that he's here.
I don't know, my own knowledge, the only thing that I can repeat is thought, is what Lieutenant Brown's, before it to me, said that the army had renamed.
And as far as I was concerned, I didn't rename on anything.
Did you, sir, prepare for round at 14 in what Mr. Cohen talked to the army, have you made someone?
No, sir, he didn't.
Did you get the exciting act with the call that being dropped in order, and he was extremely upset?
I got the impression that Mr. Cohen was extremely upset.
This telephone conversation fit place between my age, with a young lieutenant, and Mr. Cohen.
It didn't come for me direct.
My age didn't report it to me for two days.
So, that under those circumstances, I didn't really take it from me.
I thought that Mr. Cohen was upset, that he got excited.
Probably said a lot of things, that he shouldn't have said.
But I didn't, he didn't fight me, any.
I make an alteration of your age, and you think he's right, with Mr. Cohen as well, then?
Don't you, don't make it up.
Now, general, new things, and I think, certainly, that these patterns did not interfere with the call of training.
That's the company commander reported to me here.
And he was gratifying that situation.
My poor confidence in the company commander report, yes.
Will you be getting the property of the carrier?
Yes, sir.
Can you tell us, for what kind of a target is that, reading the carrier's cover?
What is the greatest carrier of all types of stuff?
That's his efficiency rating.
He left the company, the company commander had to give him two ratings, efficiency rating and a carrier rating.
And the efficiency rating is superior.
That's the general overall rating, with regard to the way he applied himself to his training, and the result that we're obtained in his training.
You know what, these ratings are better for a carrier, is that right?
Yes, sir.
That way, I'm 100% satisfied.
Carried to go.
A man's character in the Army is very important.
And that's one of the most important things that a company commander does.
It's one of his most important duties.
Looking back upon my service with a company commander, I thought hard and fast, whenever I gave a man his character.
And private shine was given character fair by Lieutenant Miller in whom I have complete confidence.
And I don't think that Lieutenant Miller, who is now Captain Miller, gave this rating lightly.
I'm sure that he thought about it for a long time, as he would before he gives any man the fair character.
And Lieutenant Miller will testify here, and I'm sure that he will be able to tell you why he gave him a fair character.
When a man is in the Army and you're the company commander, you see him all day every day, and he gets to know that man.
And he has thousands of things that are involved, and that you've taken the consideration before you put that character down.
Ten points, anything particular, I think would be a mistake.
I don't mean to pinpoint anything general.
I just would ask you this question, you as the commanding general of the sports have every confidence in the capabilities of your captain.
Now Captain Miller, and with backup his decision as to the character rating, you know, yes sir.
Now I want to ask you more questions, General.
In the evening, the sports, sometimes there's a little bit of informal training going on, is there not?
Yes sir.
I think I heard the word GI parties are held from time to time.
Can you tell us what is meant by that?
The GI party is a barrack cleanup party.
A barrack performed one of the supervision of the Fertone Stun.
Each company is divided into four Fertunes, about 65 men in each Fertone.
Each Fertone has a barrack by itself, and on Thursday night, usually, the Fertone Stun Sergeant is all the men in the barracks together, and they clean the barracks.
They stop the floor and walk the windows, drop the walls down, clean the latrines, and put the barracks in first-class shape.
And there's another informal training that goes on in the evenings and the other evenings during the week sometimes.
So there's other informal training such as weapons cleaning.
And that is done on a regimental roster.
The company's at various times has ordered to send certain men to the weapons cleaning, the house, in order that the crew serves weapons, may be cleaned by a team of men.
Well in general, I thought that you don't have to have to throw a range of these men on idols, have to fire a flock of knives, they have things to do to them.
So to the movies, they watch television, they listen to the radio, they write letters on, we have five service clubs that are going every night with statues.
On the other hand, many times, they have official duties to perform in preparing their equipment and themselves for duties on the following day.
But as good soldier, after a little while, he gets himself ready for the following day in rather fast fashion.
That doesn't take him long to clean his life and get his equipment laid out and get himself cleaned up.
And he's off to the movies so far.
Now, according to the fire and shine, had a path on it, night this day with the guy party, he wouldn't be partaking in the festivities, wouldn't he?
No, that he would not.
Thank you.
Good job.
You can go to Mr. Tim Clark.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I'm a faculty of Mr. Collins.
I don't know why on a first-flight to compliment you, you're one of the key witnesses who have been able to answer questions about getting wrong,
the rambling statues.
I may say I think that your excellent record and career fighting communists, perhaps gives you a better picture of the importance of fighting the bone and many people have.
I would like to personally thank you for having made Mr. Shine available over weekends, you know, not in planning to do committee work.
Mr. Shine has been working for a long time, personally on the Portland, with radar laboratories, for some 33 security risks, all the common backgrounds, rich souls, finally been removed from that work.
I assume that you would agree with me in your experience in career and in the Army, that one of the extreme targets of any nation which wanted to destroy us would be to try to infiltrate or not care, no touch the mother's face.
Yes, sir, I believe that they would try to infiltrate the military as well as the press and the educational institution.
Now, just one other person, I may say that I have been trying to point out over and over again that our difficulty has not been with the uniform men like yourself.
The principal difficulty has been with these civilians in the Pentagon, men who have no record of service like you have.
I think if we were dealing with you instead of some of the civilians we have been dealing with, we would not be engaged in such a today.
Let me just ask this question, I'm sure that you wouldn't object to a committee of the Congress.
Taking out a huge trace of all rotten apples in the barrel, even though I think we'd all agree that 99, perhaps 9% percent of the military are good on a soil America.
But when they are rotten apples, they should be dug out to the real life of them.
I believe that rotten apples should be dug out whether they are in the military or out of the military.
Now, Mr. Terwin, I want to request to make a decision to reveal the fact that Mr. Sinclair has gone into the tractor writing of Mr. Sine,
if he can say that you are in turn of Mr. Sine, we should ask General Howard to appear in the news stories, or the attack of General Howard at the end of Mr. Sine's training at Camp Gordon,
so that he was an outstanding soldier and a fan point of character, efficiency and almost everything else.
So I'd like to request a little bit of a talk of Mr. Sinclair, General, you did not compile the charts that you've never told us today.
That's the first time I ever saw that shot.
I would not question you, Lord, please, now I can do have an aftertaste of ground, and I'd like to know if I can demonstrate what I consider the most dishonest, little foamy job of chartmaking that I have ever seen.
Now, I have to ask you some questions because I'm family and question him some simple things about you.
I think we've got the key.
So, basically, we have to gather to say that Mr. Sine has the number of black marks on it, and we have the start of the average soldier with more black marks on it.
So, if you think this is the part I'm showing our food, you just move and we get food, I'd like to know how.
Senator, you make your voice and you can't hear anything because the microphone can't follow you as much.
I would like to ask Mr. Sine to know how important the point of your hard work is when I get to find out who prepared it and have them put in a little.
You hear that?
Mr. Sine, now a little, I'm sure that they heard of my family with their son yet their last law for being in doctor, point-trotter-in-dot-me.
I didn't know they were picking all these for my men to get a black mark for being in doctor, so that way, let's go back to that guest room.
Now, now we go on further, we found out on the 23rd, Mr. Sine's basic training started, that is, we're doing a lot of stuff for the next class.
And what was already written, he could be cut apart because he's basic training staff, right?
And while coming out from the class to the main corridor, let's look at him.
So, I see the man who's going up the man who's going up the stairs, we're going to the phone calls, we've got lots of all to the pretty start of our phone calls.
Those are the average trainee, also get one call, they make one call, some trainees get one call, yes.
So, they should be some extra here for the average trainee, and there's nothing, this one is the wrong one about a trainee getting a phone call, is there?
No, it's the same.
Nothing you've got there, but a man in the army, calling his girlfriend, is there?
No, it's just, but that's what a few extra people are going to give themselves, so there may be a few other pilots.
Also have girlfriends, and they call them.
Also, down to the 20th of the main, the 20th of the main, is just to show him just a black mark, because he was on passion till 11 or 5pm.
We find the order that the average trainee needs is what get a black mark, even though he's on training until midnight.
I've been in my room, you'll appear to me that when you give a pilot a black mark, we're getting back at the normal lines, then the average trainee you'll say,
go for midnight to get a white mark, right?
No question about his face?
No problem, they go.
I'm in a situation where I'm in a position that I know you have nothing to do with the cooperation this track, the only reason I'm talking you on it.
Thank you.